hi guys I'm Laura Vitale and on this
episode of Laura in the kitchen I'm so
excited to bring you my recipe for onion
rings now everyone knows on your rings
and it's been requested almost on every
single video especially all my
mozzarella sticks video everybody was
like gray lamb macho sticks now onion
rings onion rings anyways onion rings
onion rings up everyone loves them
there's so many different ways of making
them and I myself make them a few
different ways I drew like a bread crumb
coating a beer-battered or this is more
about a classic battered on your rings
that's what I'm showing you today it's
so easy simple to put together the
ingredients for them or very few you'll
just need some all-purpose flour
hot sauce of your choice buttermilk
you'll need some granulated onion garlic
dried parsley paprika baking powder
celery salt an egg a bit more salt and
pepper your onion and some vegetable oil
and the ovens preheated for a different
recipe so you don't have to stick around
to see what that is
now in here I've got some pan oil and
you can use peanut or you can use
vegetable oil canola oil any light
colored oil that can come up to high
temperature without smoking a lot so you
wouldn't want to use olive oil for this
because it will be smoking up the house
and it turns brown and bitter very
quickly so any light colored oil will do
I'm using peanut oil today because in a
little bit I plan on making some fried
chicken and I have to have my fried
chicken fried a pan oil just I am go the
onion is just a big delicious sweet
yellow onion and what I'm going to do to
this is I'm just going to take off the
very first layer cut the bottom and cut
the top take off the very first layer
maybe even two depending if you really
need to like I'm gonna take off this
layer as well it's got a lot of brown on
it it's pretty thin I'm just gonna cut
this into a pieces like that and now you
can you know up to you if you want them
really thick you can cut them really
thick if you want them really thin you
can cut them thinner doesn't really
matter it really sometimes just
depends on my mood sometimes I've got
really thick sometimes I go thin just
going to separate them and just going to
put this on my plate so we're gonna be
so good I'm so excited you know a lot of
people ask oh can you show us some
healthier recipes healthier recipes but
I think what most people forget is that
to upload a new recipe every other day
you got to do a little bit of everything
and I want to please my audience and
everyone asks for Fried Chicken and
onion rings and french fries and I want
to show those recipes to you insure them
with you but I'm certainly not
advertising that you eat them every day
in fact it's it's been a very long time
since I've made homemade onion rings -
because fried food around here is a
treat we definitely don't order when
we're out we don't order fried food on a
regular basis and I prefer to make
things at home as you all know so you
know I'm feeling up to it I make some
fried chicken nothing wrong with that
moderation lots of exercise works
wonders
all right this is fine I'm going to save
these to make a sauce otherwise I'm be a
little bit much I think going on our
batter we got my all-purpose flour here
and I've got some butter milk and
buttermilk it's the key for a really
delicious light and fluffy batter and
including um and also the baking powder
is really important as well and as far
as spices the world is your pickle I
mean if you like certain spices as those
I mean I love that combination so that's
what I use a good pinch of salt is
really important and that's a freshly
cracked black black pepper you could use
white pepper here as well in a little
bit of hot sauce I love sriracha so
that's what I'm using you could use
Tabasco you can use any kind of hot
sauce you want it so now I'm just going
to mix this up until it's pretty lump
free so give it a good minute that looks
great really nice and smooth now I've
got my oil up to temperature I can kind
of already gauge what the temperature
should be I'm gonna add an onion in
there if it's got color right away and
if it you know if it's bubbling up right
away and then it's good if you're using
a thermometer you want this to be about
375 so this is all
this is what I'm going to do with then
dip my onion ring in my batter that's
what you're looking for and I'm just
going to continue to do this and then
cook them for just a couple of minutes
one until they develop a good golden
brown color and then I've got a baking
pan here just with some paper towels on
it because I want to put the cooked on
your rings on that to drain any excess
oil and do it in batches because you
don't want to overcrowd the pan
otherwise it's going to defeat the
purpose of being nice and crispy because
you'll drop the temperature of the oil
and they'll get really soggy so be
patient my friend taking the last two
off Oh
ah I know I know it's killing me too
because I know I can't eat the whole
thing look at them ah got this one
actually I want this one the little tiny
ones like this are my favorite mm-hmm
okay fine I'm gonna go in for one more
personally I don't like on your rings
dipped in anything my husband would
probably choose a ketchup let me know
what your favorite thing is to dip onion
rings in but that's it they're very
simple and easy to put together head on
over to Laura in the kitchen I come and
get the recipe as always I hope you
enjoy spending time with me because I've
certainly enjoyed spending time with you
I see you next time bye bye
you